chore: spiff up the keyboard navigation codelab. (#1671)
rachel-fenichel/blockly-samples: codelabs/keyboard_navigation/keyboard_navigation.md

## Terminology

A [**Marker**](https://developers.google.com/blockly/reference/js/blockly.marker_class) holds a location and is not movable.  A marker can be used to mark a location on the workspace that you can use later, such as marking the spot where you'll drop a block from the toolbox.

A [**Cursor**](https://developers.google.com/blockly/reference/js/blockly.cursor_class) is a marker that can move. It extends a `Blockly.Marker` but adds logic to allow the marker to move through the blocks, inputs, fields, connections and workspace coordinates.

The below image displays different parts of a block that a user can navigate to using keyboard navigation.

![Displays the different parts of a block. The previous connection on the top of a block. The next connection on the bottom of a block. Input value as a cut out of a puzzle piece. The statement input as a connection inside of a block. The output connection as a puzzle piece.](./block_terms.png)

## Initialize NavigationController plugin

> First, you will want to initialize a `NavigationController` in `index.js`.  `NavigationController` is the class in charge of registering all keyboard shortcuts.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
First, initialize a `NavigationController` in `index.js`.  `NavigationController` is the class in charge of registering all keyboard shortcuts.
```

Import `NavigationController` at the top of `index.js`:

```js
import {NavigationController} from '@blockly/keyboard-navigation';
```

> Then, somewhere after the existing code that injects the workspace, instantiate an instance of `NavigationController`, initialize it, and add it to your workspace:

Reviewer: Since we're spiffing it up, let's fix the redundant/repetitive wording:
```suggestion
Then, somewhere after the existing code that injects the workspace, create an instance of `NavigationController`, initialize it, and add it to your workspace:
```
Also: possibly "the workspace"?

![The cursor flashing red](./flashing_cursor.gif)

## Define and set a custom cursor

Create a new directory at `src/cursors` and add a file inside named `custom.js`.

> At the top of the new file, you first need to import `blockly/core`:

Reviewer: Perhaps:
```suggestion
At the top of the new file, add an import of `blockly/core`:
```

```js
import * as Blockly from 'blockly/core';
```

Then define your new custom cursor and have it extend the base cursor, `Blockly.Cursor`:

```js
export class CustomCursor extends Blockly.Cursor {
  constructor() {
    super();
  }
}
```

Import your cursor at the top of `src/index.js`.

```js
import {CustomCursor} from './cursors/custom';
```

Somewhere after the existing code that injects the workspace, use its `MarkerManager` to set your new custom cursor:

```js
// Add CustomCursor to workspace
ws.getMarkerManager().setCursor(new CustomCursor());
```

## Change the cursor behavior

### Override the move methods

In order to create a cursor that skips over previous and next connections you have to override the methods that move the cursor.

> Add the following code to `cursors/custom.js`, inside the `CustomCursor` class definition. These implementations are just a starting point that you will be improving in the next step:

Reviewer: Colon should immediate precede the thing referred to, so either move the added sentence below the code, or make it a parenthetical:
```suggestion
Add the following code to `cursors/custom.js`, inside the `CustomCursor` class definition (these implementations are just a starting point that you will be improving in the next step):
```
also, perhaps "a starting point that will be improved in later steps"?
